README.md, before:

# NLP-Service for entity extraction using spacy or Polyglot depending on the language
The Service provides entities and detects the language of text. Results are served by a flask app with two endpoints:
`entity_extraction`, which returns the entities in the text, the used method/model and the language of the text. You can also add a language in the POST-request, in order to specify, which language should be used by the service.
and
`language_detection`, which runs polyglots language detection and returns it.

### Running the service without Docker
If you want, you can run the service locally, after creating a python environment using `requirements.txt` with, for example, pipenv.
Note that you need to download the Polyglot embeddings!
Polyglot Embeddings will not be stored in the same directory as if you'd start the docker container, which is in
`/root/polyglot_data/ner2`. By default, they will be stored in your home directory on Linux. You can download the embeddings to a directory of your choice by running `polyglot download --dir /YOUR/PATH`. Be sure to change the directory in your config.
For the list of embeddings downloaded by the service (all available), check out the `polyglot download` commands in the Dockerfile.
Spacy embeddings are downloaded into the environment automatically.

You can start start the service from the CLI with your own path to the polyglot data as:
`python app.py PATH/TO/POLYGLOT_DATA/ner2`

### Default config
The default config is added to the service by default. it is renamed to `app.conf`.
For development purposes, copy the default config `default.conf` into `app.conf` and change the `POLY_PATH` if needed.

Commit message:

update readme, add example JSON for models

README.md, after:

# NLP-Service for entity extraction using spacy or Polyglot depending on the language
The Service provides entities and detects the language of text. Results are
served by a flask app with two endpoints:
- `POST /entity_extraction`, which returns the entities in the text, the used
  method/model and the language of the text. You can also add a language in the
  POST-request, in order to specify, which language should be used by the
  service.
- `POST /language_detection`, which runs polyglots language detection and
  returns it.

It uses spacy as well as polyglot. The models need to be downloaded. The
Container automatically tries to download all models which are stored in the
environment variable `NLP_SERVICE_MODELS_JSON`, which has to contain
JSON-formatted text with two keys, `"spacy"` and `polyglot`. Both keys need to
contain a list of models for spacy and language codes for polyglot. An example
can be found at `config/models.json`. This example contains all available
Polyglot languages, the small english model for spacy as well as the
multilingual model for spacy. A list of available spacy models can be found
[here](https://spacy.io/models/). Models are downloaded into the `/data` folder
inside the container. Map it outside if you want to acess the downloaded models.
An example of running the docker container may look like this: `docker run -e
NLP_SERVICE_MODELS_JSON="$(cat ./config/models.json)" -v data:/data
liquidinvestigations/nlp-service:vXX` where XX is the version number, and `data`
is the path to a data folder of your choice.
